# Network Vulnerability Scanner

## Authors 

Ríkharður Friðgeirsson & Emil Örn Kristjánsson

### Arguments

1: The network range to scan on the CIDR format. Example, 192.168.1.0/24

### Requirements 

The script requires you to be running a linux system and have nmap installed.

Script was made for a network security course taught at Reykjavik University Iceland. Using this script can
be considered illegal. This was only made as a proof of concept. 

Running time can vary heavily on the results from the first TCP scan. When tested the TCP scan returned ~100 IPs
that answered. Running the consecutive scans on ~100 IPs can take up to 24 hours. 

### Usage

>./nmap-vulnerability-scanner.sh 192.168.1.0/24

# Vulnerability Scan Reader

The Vulnerability Scan Reader was developed to create a .csv file from the output of
group 13's Network Vulnerability Scanner's aggressive scan phase. The group does not 
recommend using this reader on
nmap outputs that were generated by using different flags than those used by group 13's
Network Vulnerability Scanner's aggressive scan phase.
## Authors 

Ríkharður Friðgeirsson & Emil Örn Kristjánsson


### Arguments 

The reader requires two arguments:

1. `--read_file`
   
    The path to the file containing the output from the nmap aggressive scan.
2. `--write_file`

    The path to where the resulting csv file should be.

#### Example usage.

> `VulnerabilityScanReader.py --read_file npm_output.txt --write_file output.csv`


### Requirements
The script requires Python version 3.9 or greater.